he was handed it as a gift oh yes okay
didn't die teammates got that side I
could wait wait wait wait wait I don't
have a clue where I'm going this muck is
so confusing sometimes got that guy
there anybody else got him there all
right I'm again wav all right housing
guys its cost welcome back some black
ops ii live unlike my cargo I'm still
playing TDM I want to put all the game
modes for you guys but honestly guys
play another game of is just out of my
comfort zone look at how I snuck behind
it go on teammate please kill the guy I
want you to kill ah you did it i love
you i love you all right at this point
over here I gotta be careful on this map
me and this map we just don't go along
we just don't get along wait there we go
I just I heard him I saw him I killed
him wait a second
oh crap i saw that is that a sniper yeah
it was a sniper we need a UAV I need it
now
wait a second is it coming over here you
know the guy just so I just saw him
please don't get me killed I literally
just saw a guy oh it's up there here we
go now we've got UAV so it should be a
little bit safer uh-uh where is this guy
there is he oh my gosh Oh dead oh my
gosh two-on-one not fair I saw the other
guy coming my way but then obviously
takes like two thousand bullets to kill
one guy in this game so i couldn't take
out the other one first that's just
great that's just great now Matt you
have you gone so now we're back to
square one but oh my gosh call me
unlucky but what was that oh my gosh
that was a luckiest quick scope ever
that guy they even need to try to kill
me he was handed it as a gift oh yes
okay didn't die Timmy's got that side I
can't wait wait wait wait I don't have a
clue where I'm going this muck is so
confusing sometimes got that guy there
nobody else
cut him there all right have again wav
get him column the UAV and they're all
up here wait a second all over here let
me go they all spawning around here I
want to go wow these guys me fast I
honestly they meet fast oh my voice
connection connection lost please don't
lock please out loud I'm doing well
well let's run hit oh my god why my to
bar in please stop every time doing well
something always wants to go wrong like
right now oh my gosh everybody got that
kill we're cane yeah we again so much
lag right now it's unbelievable sorry
teammate I knew he was there had to
leave him I had to leave him okay why am
i warm barring oh my god I like one bar
I have no fucking clue Oh both of them
got in beautiful kills we might be one
bearing we are playing well one bar anak
we are bossing out behind us behind
those gotta sprint alright looking a
bucket with a buck on a 3 bar now well
ok can't get up there
call the stock couple rain right in the
center meet me big big big big move here
we go these are beautiful beautiful
beautiful beautiful stars stop triple
going home just the way I like it wait
wait get this guy inside first okay Oh
almost killed me on my teammate uh over
here
today panel coming forward anytime soon
oh my gosh wait he's coming back UAV oh
yeah we're on a ruthless we are going in
putting work there we go
Oh what way where no oh my gosh she
didn't see him oh that ruins our streak
what we doing 24 23 that's not bad at
all guys 8 KD I'm gonna stick to this
out of the map games almost over anyway
I'm sorry guys that it wasn't as soon as
I would like it to you it's a pretty
good gameplay so we are gonna keep it
let me go wait a second okay 25 to 3
guys 8.33 kadi SE I've trimmed my camera
angle so you guys enjoyed the video
please up to smash that like button
we're gonna hate + light on this video
I'm absolutely amazing thank i took you
guys enjoy an undercut you guys in next
video peace